go yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't want to
go but baby we both
know this is not a
Time It's Time to Say
Goodbye until we meet
again cuz this is not the
end it will come a
day when we will find a
way vience playing and the the Angels
crying when the stars are Al then I'll
be
there no I don't care about the
M cuz I want is to be
L and all I care about
it's you stck on me
like no I don't care about
the how Through Fire
and just to get closer to you
you stuck on me
[Applause]
[Music]
like I'm letting my head down taking it
cool you high head don't lose it my
friend it's all that I'm go
vient play and the angels crying when
the star
alive I'll be
there no care about
the God is to be
L and all I care about
is you so in like
that no I don't care about the
pl I want the fire and
just to get closer to
you you Su me like got the
[Applause]
[Music]
I care about
you you me like at
that I don't care about
the I want to
fire just still get closer to
you you so get to do
I of God is
love I about love you
like no I don't care about
the I want the
fire just it close tell
you you st me like got the
super no I don't care about the f
so fire
rain just to get closer
to you
[Music]
me I don't want
to but baby we both
know this is not a
Time It's Time to Say
Goodbye until we meet
again cuz this is not the
end it will come what
say we found the way
[Applause]